watching digital TV on mobile devices
has never been so easy checkout out the
latest mobile dvb-t TV tuner Omega works
in addition to the device in the kit you
will find the USB cable for charging
adapter to the antenna charger warranty
necessary certificates and instructions
for installation which is extremely
simple to watch TV there is needed just
a small telescopic antenna fully charged
battery lasts for about four hours power
banks including Omega power bank
guarantee work up to 12 hours let's put
the tablet on a stable stand and go
install the S IA n o TV application for
iOS or Android Market now just pull out
the antenna and turn on the tuner when
the application is open the device must
be paired by Wi-Fi which is sent by the
Omega tuner
enter the password from this moment the
devices communicate with each other
after the first pairing with a tablet or
smartphone search television channels
available in our region select the
country and run a scam ready ready
on the tablet appears clear list of
programs ready to watch simply select
one of them since now we have television
on our mobile device tuner application
enable scrolling TV channels by simply
Touch without going back to the main
menu that's not all
Omega tuner allows you to record TV
programs that can be stored in the
memory of the tablet and then
transferred to the micro SD card or USB
stick for mobile devices
to start recording just two tabs on the
screen are needed rollout the program
menu and start recording recorded TV
programs can be freely played rewinded
and deleted once it was already watched
we have immediate access to the recorder
materials in the menu and we can play
them with one touch of the screen
another touch takes us back to the file
options or the main menu if you prefer
to watch your videos on a PC notebook or
TV simply move them to the SD card or
pen drive for mobile devices
to files archives we have access from a
file manager position select folder and
file that you're interested in and then
use the options to share delete or move
a recording to another device
Oh mega mobile TV tuner is a truly
mobile device that will be perfect for
your home in the park on vacation
anywhere where a television signal is
received small energy-saving and
Wireless Omega tuner works with both
Android and Apple devices its
functionality will surprise any fan of
mobile technology you'll see how much
happiness it will bring to you your
friends and family